Please, my heart's fluttering so, in rivulets of fire! Quickly, unleash your fluids and put it out!
The powerful cunt! whose very name kindles in me an amorous flame!
Oh, c'est fou! oh, oh!
Strike me sharply Emil, afore I think you effeminate!
You must not think to hide your treasures from my gaze - my sight must be feasted, as well as my touch!
I am stir'd beyond bearing with your furious agitation's within me, gorged and cramm'd, even to surfeit!
You bewitching vision, you have stolen my heart, my soul, and my spunk!
Oh my dearest, pull out your mighty stallion and let my thighs and linens receive your effusion!
What floods of bliss! What melting transports! What agonies of delight!
My life! My soul! The springs of pleasure are wound to such a pitch that I cannot help but succumb to extacy!
Ah! I to a fucking do a martyr die!
These fleshly orbs shake with undisguised pleasure!
Oh delicious deliriums! I lay pleasure-drench'd and spent.
Alas! that these delights should be no longer-lived!
It is too much, I cannot bear it!
Oh, insupportable delight! Oh! Superhuman rapture!
Kiss me now and forever, for your thrusts have made me your willing slave!
Oh! such rare and exquisite provocatives!
Your lips pursue me, so that I cannot escape from kissing them in purest self-defense!
Harder and again, my darling, I feel my oceans coming upon me!
I can feel your prodigious engine stirring in the very centre of my vitals!
Turn your passions upon me! I lie in wait, my avenue too fair, too open to be miss'd.
Oh! my gum, this is wonderful! wonderful!
O! O! O, I am dying.
Redouble the active energy of your thrusts, lest I die from my own inflamed appetites!
I am spending! I am spending! I spend! I die!
You have caused me to suffer a pleasure that transports me to the land I knew not but dreamed of unawares!
You have carried me to a new-discover'd sphere of Venus, I am melted into a softness that can refuse you nothing!
Oh! Oh, it is too much, I am going... O!
What now, have you enough of my red-headed champion? I say nay, let me lay him on again in such wondrous battle with your own red-center'd cleft of flesh!
Quickly, my love! These bonds excite me to a fever's pitch but I fear me that the Lady will soon be wanting her petticoats back!
Your cunny has grasped me and milked me of my passions!
Ah! your irresistible thrust has murdered at once my maidenhead, and very nearly me!
Your lascivious touches have lighted up a new fire that wanton'd through all my veins!
I am inflamed beyond the power of modesty!
You have slain me! No attacker's spear could strike me down as thoroughly as your sweet actions! I am spent, and may greet St. Peter with a tired grin.
What joy inexpressible! My joy is lost in a sea of greater bliss than I have ever known!
You have gorg'd me with the dearest morsel of the earth!
How you have served me! I am ruin'd. Now, dress quickly, before the Count returns!
Swallow it all and be glad, for a shilling I've paid and a shilling's worth I'll be having!
I melt! I die!
You darling, darling! You wield that cane as if to the manor born!
You have grasped my very root!
Please sir, I beg you! Ease back your attack so that I may compose myself to compass the admission of that stupendous head of your machine!
Let me touch your breasts, finely plumped in flesh but withal so round, so firm!
Ah! hurt me now, or I'll bite you!
My very being is dissolving into waves of pleasure and liquid pearls!
Pray, allow me to feast my eyes with the touch and perusal, feast my lips with kisses of the highest relish!
I am quite sick with delight!
Oh Sir! . . . Good Sir! . . . pray do not spare me! ah! ah!
Ah, let your fingers play and twine in the young tendrils of silky down that cover'd the very seat of my womanhood!
Open wide that pouting-lipt mouth, that I might unleash my sweet loving fury!
May I remark that I am fond of your physical appeal?
